feature(backend): refactor user command with support of username (#3093)
tracim/tracim: backend/doc/cli.md

### add a user

```
$ tracimcli user create -h

> usage: tracimcli user create [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-e EMAIL]usage: tracimcli user create [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-e EMAIL]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage: tracimcli user create [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-e EMAIL]
```

Author: already fixed.

                             [-u USERNAME] [--public-name PUBLIC_NAME]
                             [--allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE] [--lang LANG]
                             [-p PASSWORD] [--profile PROFILE]
                             [--timezone TIMEZONE] [--send-email]

> Create user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a user
```

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -c CONFIG_FILE, --config CONFIG_FILE

>                         application config file to read (default:
>                         development.ini)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        configuration file to use (default:
                        development.ini)
```

  -d, --debug_mode      enable Tracim log for debug
  -e EMAIL, --email EMAIL

>                         set user email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's email address
```

  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME

>                         set username of the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's username
```

  --public-name PUBLIC_NAME

>                         set user public name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's public name
```

  --allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE

>                         set user allowed space in bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's allowed space in bytes
```

Should we allow setting sizes using unit? It seems inconvenient to use bytes.

>   --lang LANG           set user lang (ISO 639 format)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --lang LANG           set the user's language (ISO 639 format)
```

  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD

>                         set user password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the password of the user
```

Author: why not "set the user's password" , to have similar sentence everywhere ?

>   --profile PROFILE     set user profile, valid values: users, trusted-users,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --profile PROFILE     set the user's profile, valid values: users, trusted-users,
```

                        administrators

>   --timezone TIMEZONE   set user timezone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --timezone TIMEZONE   set the user's timezone
```

>   --send-email          send mail to created user(s) (you need to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --send-email          send an email to the created user(s) (you need to configure
```

                        EMAIL-NOTIFICATION part in config file to use this
                        feature)
```

> Example of creating user with email, password and sending account information by email:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of creating a user with an email, a password and sending account information by email:
```

```
  tracimcli user create -e "john.does@example.tld" -p "superpassword" --send-email
```

> If you don't provide password and use --send-email, an autogenerated password will be created and send to user by email, example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't provide password and use --send-email, an autogenerated password will be created and sent to the user by email, example:
```

```
  tracimcli user create -e "john.does@example.tld" --send-email --lang "fr"
```

> :warning: if you don't provide password and don't use --send-email, no password will be created. you can use tracimcli user update to set the password
> after user creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: if you don't provide any password and don't use `--send-email`, no password will be created. You can use `tracimcli user update` to set the password later.
```

> Another example with username-only user (need email.required set to false) and more parameters :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example with a username-only user (this requires `email.required=false`) and more parameters:
```

```
  tracimcli user create -u "john" -p "superpassword" --profile "trusted-users" --lang "fr" --public-name "John Doe"
```

### update user password

```
$ tracimcli user update -h
usage: tracimcli user update [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-e EMAIL]
                             [-u USERNAME] [--public-name PUBLIC_NAME]
                             [--allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE] [--lang LANG]
                             [-p PASSWORD] [--profile PROFILE]
                             [--timezone TIMEZONE] -l LOGIN

> Update user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the account of a user
```

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -c CONFIG_FILE, --config CONFIG_FILE

>                         application config file to read (default:
>                         development.ini)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        configuration file to use (default:
                        development.ini)
```

  -d, --debug_mode      enable Tracim log for debug
  -e EMAIL, --email EMAIL

>                         set user email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's email address
```

  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME

>                         set username of the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's username
```

  --public-name PUBLIC_NAME

>                         set user public name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's public name
```

  --allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE

>                         set user allowed space in bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's allowed space in bytes
```

>   --lang LANG           set user lang (ISO 639 format)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --lang LANG           set the user's language (ISO 639 format)
```

  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD

>                         set user password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        set the user's password
```

>   --profile PROFILE     set user profile, valid values: users, trusted-users,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --profile PROFILE     set the user's profile. Valid values: users, trusted-users,
```

                        administrators

>   --timezone TIMEZONE   set user timezone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --timezone TIMEZONE   set the user's timezone
```

  -l LOGIN, --login LOGIN

>                         user login, can be either password or username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        the user's login (either the email address or the username)
```
Did you mean password or email address here?

### add a user

```
$ tracimcli user create -h
usage: tracimcli user create [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-e EMAIL]
                             [-u USERNAME] [--public-name PUBLIC_NAME]
                             [--allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE] [--lang LANG]
                             [-p PASSWORD] [--profile PROFILE]
                             [--timezone TIMEZONE] [--send-email]

Create user

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -c CONFIG_FILE, --config CONFIG_FILE
                        application config file to read (default:
                        development.ini)
  -d, --debug_mode      enable Tracim log for debug
  -e EMAIL, --email EMAIL
                        set user email
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        set username of the user
  --public-name PUBLIC_NAME
                        set user public name
  --allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE
                        set user allowed space in bytes
  --lang LANG           set user lang (ISO 639 format)
  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        set user password

>   --profile PROFILE     set user profile

Author: Added list of valid value in helper, seems complication to add specific helper for parameters.

Also, it's important to know there is some restriction in the field given which are not clarified here, these restriction are the same as in http api. It's will be really messy to put these here, but if you do tried, you will get a specific error, example: 

```
tracimcli user create -u "john43" -p "s" 
usage: tracimcli user create [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-e EMAIL]
                             [-u USERNAME] [--public-name PUBLIC_NAME]
                             [--allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE] [--lang LANG]
                             [-p PASSWORD] [--profile PROFILE]
                             [--timezone TIMEZONE] [--send-email]
tracimcli user create: error: argument -p/--password: Length must be between 6 and 512.

```

>   --profile PROFILE     set user profile

Reviewer 2: Ok, great.

  --timezone TIMEZONE   set user timezone

>   --send-email          Send mail to user

Author: Description updated, better ?

>   --send-email          Send mail to user

Reviewer 2: good.

```

Example:

```

>   tracimcli user create -e "john@john@john.john" -p "superpassword"

Reviewer 2: Add one more exemple with more value (profile, username, etc.).
Also: is it possible to create user without show password in terminal ? (this is not directly related to this documentation I think).

Author: Added 2 other example + explanation about behaviors when password is not set at user creation.
About password not showed in terminal, this seems complex to do so, it may be possible to do with an interactive mecanism.Now, you can create user without password or with autogenerated password (if send-email provided) as explained in documentation update.

Reviewer 2: Ok. thanks for your answer.

                             [-u USERNAME] [--public-name PUBLIC_NAME]
                             [--allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE] [--lang LANG]
                             [-p PASSWORD] [--profile PROFILE]
                             [--timezone TIMEZONE] -l LOGIN

Update user

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -c CONFIG_FILE, --config CONFIG_FILE
                        application config file to read (default:
                        development.ini)
  -d, --debug_mode      enable Tracim log for debug
  -e EMAIL, --email EMAIL
                        set user email
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        set username of the user
  --public-name PUBLIC_NAME
                        set user public name
  --allowed_space ALLOWED_SPACE
                        set user allowed space in bytes
  --lang LANG           set user lang (ISO 639 format)
  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        set user password
  --profile PROFILE     set user profile
  --timezone TIMEZONE   set user timezone
  -l LOGIN, --login LOGIN
                        user login, can be either password or username
```

Example:

>     tracimcli user update -l "john@john@john.john" -p "mynewsuperpassword"

Author: more complex example added.

> Note: Login (-l) is a current login of the user whereas username(-u), Email (-e), Password(-p), etc… are the
> new value to set.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: Login (-l) is the current login of the user whereas username(-u), Email (-e), Password(-p), etc… are the
new values to set.
```

```
$ tracimcli user create -h

> usage: tracimcli user create [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-e EMAIL]usage: tracimcli user create [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-e EMAIL]

Reviewer 2: I think something going wrong here ^^

Author: fixed.

  --lang LANG           set user lang (ISO 639 format)
  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        set user password
  --profile PROFILE     set user profile, valid values: users, trusted-users,
                        administrators
  --timezone TIMEZONE   set user timezone

>   --send-email          send mail to created user about user account creation
>                         (email parameter required an email notification need
>                         to be activated)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --send-email          send mail to created user(s)
                        (you need to configure EMAIL-NOTIFICATION part
                        in config file to use this feature)
```

```

> Example creating user with email an defined password:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example of creating user with email, password and sending account information by email:
```

```
  tracimcli user create -e "john.does@example.tld" -p "superpassword" --send-email
```

Another example with username-only user (need email.required set to false) and no password setted:

```
  tracimcli user create -u "john" --profile "trusted-users" --lang "fr" --public-name "John Doe"
```

:warning: if you don't provide password and don't use --send-email, no password will be created. you can use tracimcli user update to set the password

> after user creation.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this is a good example. 
I think its better to show warning about "not create user without password" (if done you need to update user), and give one example to create user with:`username`, `password`, `--profile`, `--lang` and `--public-name`

I think examples need to be examples of good practice.

:warning: if you don't provide password and use --send-email, an autogenerated password will be created and send to user by email, example:

```
  tracimcli user create -e "john.does@example.tld" --send-email --lang "fr"

> ```

Reviewer 2: this example need to be show just after example with password and parameter --send-email.

  --profile PROFILE     set user profile, valid values: users, trusted-users,
                        administrators
  --timezone TIMEZONE   set user timezone
  --send-email          send mail to created user(s) (you need to configure
                        EMAIL-NOTIFICATION part in config file to use this

>                         feature)

Reviewer 2: I have a doubt about what I write here. Can we create multiple user in same time with this command ? If no, we need to remove `(s)`.

Author: removed.

```
$ tracimcli user delete -h
usage: tracimcli user delete [-h] [-c CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [--dry-run] [-b] [-f]
                             [-a] [--anonymize-name ANONYMIZE_NAME] [-r] [-w]
                             -l LOGINS [LOGINS ...]

> Remove user and associated information from database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the user account and related information from the database
```

                        application config file to read (default:
                        development.ini)
  -d, --debug_mode      enable Tracim log for debug
  --dry-run             dry-run mode, simulate action to be done but do not
                        modify anything
  -b, --best-effort     trying doing the best deletion possible, same as '-w
                        -a'
  -f, --force           force user deletion, same as '-r -w'. Warning ! This
                        may create inconsistent database
  -a, --anonymize-if-required

>                         anonymizes the user where he cannot be deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        anonymize the user account when it cannot be deleted
```
For consistency (imperative is used everywhere)

  --anonymize-name ANONYMIZE_NAME
                        anonymized user display name to use if anonymize
                        option is activated
  -r, --delete-all-user-revisions

>                         this allow to delete all user revisions. Warning !
>                         This may create inconsistent database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        delete all user revisions. Warning!
                        This may put the database into an inconsistent state
```

  -w, --delete-owned-sharespaces

>                         delete also owned sharespaces of user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        also delete owned sharespaces of user
```
sharespaces = shared spaces? If so, `sharedspaces` or `shared-spaces` would look better to me.

  -l LOGINS [LOGINS ...], --login LOGINS [LOGINS ...]
                        user logins (email or username) to delete one or more

>                         user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        users
```
